.\" vim:ts=4:sw=4:syntax=nroff
.fp 1 R
.fp 2 I
.fp 3 B
.fp 4 BI
.fp 5 R
.fp 6 I
.fp 7 B
.nr X
.TH getbasebackup 1 "05 Jun 2020" "EFM Demo Tools"
.SH NAME
getbasebackup \- create standby database on local host
.SH SYNOPSIS
\f3getbasebackup\f1
[\f3-i\f1] [\f3-f\f1]] [\f3-X \f2method\f1] \f2rhost\f1]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX "getbasebackup"
.P
\f3getbasebackup\f1 uses \f3pg_basebackup\f1 to copy a remote backup from a
primary database residing on \f2rhost\f1 to create a standby on the local host.
.P
Provision is made to use information gleaned from a running EFM cluster. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\f3\-i\f1
Ignore the querying of the running EFM service used for sanity checks. In this instance it is
assumed that \f2rhost\f1 is indeed a primary database. A properties file must
still have been instantiated for this cluster, however.
.TP
\f3\-f\f1
Force the removal of \f4$PGDATA\f1 (defined by the EFM property \f3db.data.dir\f1) if it exists prior to running \f3pg_basebackup\f1.
.SH NOTES
The EFM process on the current node cannot be started until the database directory \f4$PGDATA\f1
defined by the EFM property \f3db.data.dir\f1 exists and contains the file \f4$PGDATA/PG_VERSION\f1.
In this instance this scenario can be circumvented by having
\f3getbasebackup\f1 ignore the EFM configuration for the initial build by
using the \f3-i\f1 option.
.SH EXAMPLES
Create a standby database on the current host from node s1:
.nf
.sp
\f5$ \f7getbasebackup s1\f5
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Simon Anthony (simon.anthony@hotmail.com)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR getprop (1),
.BR pg_basebackup (1)
