.\" vim:ts=4:sw=4:syntax=nroff
.fp 1 R
.fp 2 I
.fp 3 B
.fp 4 BI
.fp 5 CO
.fp 6 CI
.fp 7 CB
.nr X
.TH getprop 1 "09 Nov 2009" "EFM Demo Tools"
.SH NAME
getprop \- retrieve property values from EFM cluster file
.SH SYNOPSIS
\f3getprop\f1 [\f3-v\f1] [\f2property\f1]
.nf
\f3getprop\f1 [\f3-v\f1] \f3-r\f1 \f2regex\f1
.nf
\f3getprop\f1 [\f3-i\f1] \f2property\f1
.nf
\f3getprop\f1 \f3-p\f1
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX "getprop"
.P
\f3getprop\f1 retrieves EFM properties from the current EFM properties file.
The cluster file in use is defined by the environment variable \f4$CLUSTER\f1
or the default "efm" if this is not present. If a specific property
\f2property\f1 is not specified then the values for all properties are
returned.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\f3\-v\f1
Print the property in a form that can be used to assign tp a shell variable.
The property name has any periods "." in its name replaced by underscores "_".
The value returned by \f3getprop\f1 can be given to \f3eval\f1.
.TP
\f3\-r \f2regex\f1
Print all properties that match the regular expression \f2regex\f1.
.TP
\f3\-i\f1
Print information about the property \f3property\f1.
.TP
\f3\-p\f1
Print only the path of the properties file and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Find the value of PGDATA for this database
.P
An example of invocation might be:
.P
.nf
.sp
\f5$ \f7getprop db.data.dir\f5
/pg/data
.fi
.SS Set the value for the service name
.P
With the \f3-v\f1 option, we might perform:
.nf
.sp
\f5$ \f7eval `getprop -v db.service.name`\f5
\f5$ \f7echo $db_service_name\f5
edb-as-12
\f5$ \f7systemctl is-active $db_service_name\f5
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Simon Anthony (simon.anthony@hotmail.com)
